Clean Energy Fuels Corp. provides natural gas as an alternative fuel for vehicle fleets and related fueling solutions, primarily in the United States and Canada. It supplies renewable natural gas (RNG), compressed natural gas (CNG), and liquefied natural gas (LNG) for light, medium, and heavy-duty vehicles; and offers operation and maintenance services for public and private vehicle fleet customer stations. The company also designs, builds, operates, and maintains fueling stations; sells and services compressors and other equipment that are used in fueling stations; and provides assessment, design, and modification solutions to offer operators with code-compliant service and maintenance facilities for natural gas vehicle fleets. In addition, it transports and sells CNG and LNG through virtual natural gas pipelines and interconnects; procures and sells RNG; sells tradable credits, such as RNG and conventional natural gas as a vehicle fuel comprising Renewable Identification Numbers and Low Carbon Fuel Standards credits; enables its customers to acquire and finance natural gas vehicles; and obtains federal, state and local credits, grants, and incentives. The company serves heavy-duty trucking, airports, refuse, public transit, industrial, and institutional energy users, as well as government fleets. As of December 31, 2020, it served approximately 1,000 fleet customers operating approximately 48,000 vehicles; and owned, operated, or supplied approximately 565 fueling stations in 39 states in the United States and 5 provinces in Canada. The company was incorporated in 2001 and is headquartered in Newport Beach, California. Clean Energy Reports 104.6 Million Gallons Delivered and Revenue of $91.9 Million for the Fourth Quarter of 2021 NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., February 24, 2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Clean Energy Fuels Corp. (NASDAQ: CLNE) ("Clean Energy" or the "Company") today announced its operating results for the fourth quarter of 2021.  Andrew J. Littlefair, Clean Energy’s President and Chief Executive Officer, stated "Our fuel volumes continue to increase because of higher demand for RNG by Amazon, large transit customers like New York City Metro and Los Angeles County Metro, and other customers. Not only is RNG a clean, renewable fuel, it’s incredibly practical for heavy-duty vehicles which is driving demand. As we explained in detail during our RNG Day presentation on January 26, our nation-wide distribution business is extremely important in providing the infrastructure and access necessary to deliver and monetize RNG. Despite the lingering effects of the pandemic, 2021 turned out to be strategically one of the best years for the company as we expanded into RNG development and supply, signed on a very important customer in Amazon and continued to lead the overall shift into clean transportation."  The Company delivered 104.6 million gallons in the fourth quarter of 2021, a 9% increase from 96.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. This increase was principally from continued growth in Refuse, Amazon and increased RNG deliveries into transit customers. Renewable natural gas ("RNG") delivered was 44.9 million gallons in the fourth quarter of 2021, a 9% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2020.  The Company’s revenue for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $91.9 million, an increase of 22.6% compared to $75.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2020. Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2021 included non-cash stock-based sales incentive contra-revenue charges ("Amazon warrant charges") related to the warrant issued to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC (the "Amazon Warrant") of $3.4 million. Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2021 also included an unrealized loss of $1.3 million on commodity swap and customer fueling contracts relating to the Company’s Zero Now truck financing program, compared to an unrealized loss of $1.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. Excluding the effects of the Amazon warrant charges and the commodity swap and customer fueling contracts unrealized losses, revenue for the fourth quarter of 2021 increased by 25.7% to $96.6 million compared to $76.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2020. This increase in revenue was principally due to higher RIN and natural gas prices, a favorable fuel price mix, which is based on the variation of fuel types and locations where we deliver fuel, and an increase in the number of gallons delivered, partially offset by a reduction in station construction revenue, related principally to delays in construction activities associated with the pandemic.  The Company’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $255.6 million, a decrease of 12.4% compared to $291.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 included Amazon warrant charges of $83.6 million. Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 also included an unrealized loss of $3.5 million on commodity swap and customer fueling contracts relating to the Company’s Zero Now truck financing program, compared to an unrealized gain of $2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Excluding the effects of the Amazon warrant charges and the commodity swap and customer fueling contracts unrealized gains and losses, revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by 18.4% to $342.8 million compared to $289.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase in revenue was principally due to higher RIN and natural gas prices, a favorable fuel price mix, which is based on the variation of fuel types and locations where we deliver fuel, and an increase in the number of gallons delivered, partially offset by a reduction in station construction revenue, related principally to delays in construction activities in the second half of 2021 associated with the pandemic.  On a GAAP (as defined below) basis, net loss attributable to Clean Energy for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $(2.4) million, or $(0.01) per share, compared to $(2.6) million, or $(0.01) per share, for the fourth quarter of 2020. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, the fourth quarter of 2021 was negatively affected by the Amazon warrant charges.  On a GAAP basis, net loss attributable to Clean Energy for the year ended December 31, 2021, was $(93.1) million, or $(0.44) per share, compared to $(9.9) million, or $(0.05) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2020. The year ended December 31, 2021 was negatively affected by the Amazon warrant charges and the unrealized loss on commodity swap and customer fueling contracts, partially offset by gains from sale of natural gas commodity inventory at favorable market prices, while the comparable 2020 period was positively affected by the unrealized gain on commodity swap and customer fueling contracts.  Non-GAAP income per share and Adjusted EBITDA (each as defined below) for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $0.03 and $18.0 million, respectively. Non-GAAP loss per share and Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2020 was $(0.00) and $13.6 million, respectively.  Non-GAAP income per share and Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $0.04 and $57.0 million, respectively. Non-GAAP loss per share and Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2020 was $(0.04) and $45.1 million, respectively.  Non-GAAP income (loss) per share and Adjusted EBITDA are described below and reconciled to GAAP net income (loss) per share attributable to Clean Energy and GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Clean Energy, respectively.  To supplement the Company’s unaudited consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), the Company uses non-GAAP financial measures that it calls non-GAAP income (loss) per share ("non-GAAP income (loss) per share") and adjusted EBITDA ("Adjusted EBITDA"). Management presents non-GAAP income (loss) per share and Adjusted EBITDA because it believes these measures provide meaningful supplemental information about the Company’s performance, for the following reasons: (1) these measures allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management to assess the Company’s operating performance and make financial and operational decisions; (2) these measures exclude the effect of items that management believes are not directly attributable to the Company’s core operating performance and may obscure trends in the business; and (3) these measures are used by institutional investors and the analyst community to help analyze the Company’s business. In future quarters, the Company may adjust for other expenditures, charges or gains to present non-GAAP financial measures that the Company’s management believes are indicative of the Company’s core operating performance.  Non-GAAP financial measures are limited as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the Company’s GAAP results. The Company expects to continue reporting non-GAAP financial measures, adjusting for the items described below (and/or other items that may arise in the future as the Company’s management deems appropriate), and the Company expects to continue to incur expenses, charges or gains like the non-GAAP adjustments described below. Accordingly, unless expressly stated otherwise, the exclusion of these and other similar items in the presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be construed as an inference that these costs are unusual, infrequent, or non-recurring. Non-GAAP income (loss) per share and Adjusted EBITDA are not recognized terms under GAAP and do not purport to be an alternative to GAAP income (loss), GAAP income (loss) per share or any other GAAP measure as an indicator of operating performance. Moreover, because not all companies use identical measures and calculations, the Company’s presentation of non-GAAP income (loss) per share and Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies.  Non-GAAP income (loss) per share, which the Company presents as a non-GAAP measure of its performance, is defined as net income (loss) attributable to Clean Energy Fuels Corp., plus Amazon warrant charges, plus stock-based compensation expense, plus (minus) loss (income) from the SAFE&CEC S.r.l. equity method investment, and plus (minus) any loss (gain) from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments, the total of which is divided by the Company’s weighted-average common shares outstanding on a diluted basis. The Company’s management believes excluding non-cash expenses related to the Amazon warrant charges provides useful information to investors regarding the Company’s performance because the Amazon warrant charges are measured based upon a fair value determined using a variety of assumptions and estimates, and the Amazon warrant charges do not impact the Company’s operating cash flows related to the delivery and sale of vehicle fuel to its customer. The Company’s management believes excluding non-cash expenses related to stock-based compensation provides useful information to investors regarding the Company’s performance because of the varying available valuation methodologies, the volatility of the expense (which depends on market forces outside of management’s control), the subjectivity of the assumptions and the variety of award types that a company can use, which may obscure trends in a company’s core operating performance. Similarly, the Company believes excluding the non-cash results from the SAFE&CEC S.r.l. equity method investment is useful to investors because these charges are not part of or representative of the core operations of the Company. In addition, the Company’s management believes excluding the non-cash loss (gain) from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments is useful to investors because the valuation of the derivative instruments is based on a number of subjective assumptions, the amount of the loss or gain is derived from market forces outside of management’s control, and the exclusion of these amounts enables investors to compare the Company’s performance with other companies that do not use, or use different forms of, derivative instruments.  The table below shows GAAP and non-GAAP income (loss) attributable to Clean Energy per share and also reconciles GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Clean Energy to the non-GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Clean Energy figure used in the calculation of non-GAAP income (loss) per share:  Adjusted EBITDA, which the Company presents as a non-GAAP measure of its performance, is defined as net income (loss) attributable to Clean Energy, plus (minus) income tax expense (benefit), plus interest expense, minus interest income, plus depreciation and amortization expense, plus Amazon warrant charges, plus stock-based compensation expense, plus (minus) loss (income) from the SAFE&CEC equity method investment, and plus (minus) any loss (gain) from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments. The Company’s management believes Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors regarding the Company’s performance for the same reasons discussed above with respect to non-GAAP income (loss) per share. In addition, management internally uses Adjusted EBITDA to determine elements of executive and employee compensation.  The table below shows Adjusted EBITDA and also reconciles this figure to GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Clean Energy:  The Company defines "gallons delivered" as its gallons sold as compressed natural gas ("CNG") and liquefied natural gas ("LNG"), along with its gallons associated with providing operations and maintenance services, in each case delivered to its customers in the applicable period, plus the Company’s proportionate share of gallons delivered by joint ventures in the applicable period. RNG sold as vehicle fuel is included in the CNG or LNG amounts as applicable based on the form in which it was sold.  The table below shows gallons delivered for the three months and years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021:  The following table shows the Company's sources of revenue for the three months and years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021:  GAAP net loss for 2022 is expected to be approximately ($57) million, assuming no unrealized gains or losses on commodity swap and customer contracts relating to the Company’s Zero Now truck financing program, and including Amazon warrant charges estimated to be $44 million. Changes in diesel and natural gas market conditions resulting in unrealized gains or losses on the Company’s commodity swap and customer contracts relating to the Company’s Zero Now truck financing program, and significant variations in the vesting by Amazon of the Amazon warrants could significantly affect the Company’s estimated GAAP net loss for 2022. Adjusted EBITDA for 2022 is estimated to be $65 million. These expectations exclude the impact of any acquisitions, divestitures, new joint ventures, transactions or other extraordinary events including a deterioration in, slower or lack of any recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, the expectations regarding 2022 Adjusted EBITDA assumes the calculation of this non-GAAP financial measure in the same manner as described above and adding back the estimated Amazon warrant charges described above and without adjustments for any other items that may arise during 2022 that management deems appropriate to exclude. These expectations are forward-looking statements and are qualified by the statement under "Safe Harbor Statement" below.  The Company will host an investor conference call today at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time (1:30 p.m. Pacific). Investors interested in participating in the live call can dial 1.844.826.3033 from the U.S. and international callers can dial 1.412.317.5185. A telephone replay will be available approximately two hours after the call concludes through Thursday, March 24, 2022 by dialing 1.844.512.2921 from the U.S., or 1.412.317.6671 from international locations, and entering Replay Pin Number 10163651. There also will be a simultaneous, live webcast available on the Investor Relations section of the Company’s web site at www.cleanenergyfuels.com, which will be available for replay for 30 days.  Clean Energy Fuels Corp. is the country’s largest provider of the cleanest fuel for the transportation market. Our mission is to decarbonize transportation through the development and delivery of renewable natural gas (RNG), a sustainable fuel derived from organic waste. Clean Energy allows thousands of vehicles, from airport shuttles to city buses to waste and heavy-duty trucks, to reduce their amount of climate-harming greenhouse gas. We operate a vast network of fueling stations across the U.S. and Canada. Visit www.cleanenergyfuels.com and follow @ce_renewables on Twitter.  This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements about, among other things, our fiscal 2022 outlook, our volume growth, customer expansion, production sources, joint ventures, and the benefits of our fuels.  Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical facts and relate to future events or circumstances or the Company’s future performance, and they are based on the Company’s current assumptions, expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on the Company and its business. As a result, actual results, performance or achievements and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors including, among others: the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken to prevent its spread and the related impact on our operations, liquidity and financial condition; the willingness of fleets and other consumers to adopt natural gas as a vehicle fuel, and the rate and level of any such adoption; the Company’s ability to capture a substantial share of the market for alternative vehicle fuels and vehicle fuels generally and otherwise compete successfully in these markets; the potential adoption of government policies or programs or increased publicity or popular sentiment in favor of other vehicle fuels; the market’s perception of the benefits of RNG and conventional natural gas relative to other alternative vehicle fuels; natural gas vehicle and engine cost, fuel usage, availability, quality, safety, convenience, design, performance and residual value, as well as operator perception with respect to these factors, in general and in the Company’s key customer markets, including heavy-duty trucking; the Company’s ability to manage and grow its RNG business, including its ability to procure adequate supplies of RNG and generate revenues from sales of such RNG; the Company and its suppliers’ ability to successfully develop and operate projects and produce expected volumes of RNG; the potential commercial viability of livestock waste and dairy farm projects to produce RNG; the Company’s history of net losses and the possibility the Company incurs additional net losses in the future; the Company’s and its partners’ ability to acquire, finance, construct and develop other commercial projects; the Company’s ability to invest in hydrogen stations or modify its fueling stations to reform its RNG to fuel hydrogen and electric vehicles; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits from the commercial arrangement with Amazon and related transactions; future supply, demand, use and prices of crude oil, gasoline, diesel, natural gas, and other vehicle fuels, including overall levels of and volatility in these factors; changes in the competitive environment in which we operate, including potentially increasing competition in the market for vehicle fuels generally; the Company’s ability to manage and grow its business of transporting and selling CNG for non-vehicle purposes via virtual natural gas pipelines and interconnects, as well as its station design and construction activities; construction, permitting and other factors that could cause delays or other problems at station construction projects; the Company’s ability to execute and realize the intended benefits of any acquisitions, divestitures, investments or other strategic relationships or transactions; future availability of and our access to additional capital, which may include debt or equity financing, in the amounts and at the times needed to fund growth in the Company’s business and the repayment of its debt obligations (whether at or before their due dates) or other expenditures, as well as the terms and other effects of any such capital raising transaction; the Company’s ability to generate sufficient cash flows to repay its debt obligations as they come due; the availability of environmental, tax and other government regulations, programs and incentives that promote natural gas, such as AFTC, or other alternatives as a vehicle fuel, including long-standing support for gasoline- and diesel-powered vehicles and growing support for electric and hydrogen-powered vehicles that could result in programs or incentives that favor these or other vehicles or vehicle fuels over natural gas; the Company’s ability to comply with various registration and regulatory requirements related to its RNG projects; the effect of, or potential for changes to greenhouse gas emissions requirements or other environmental regulations applicable to vehicles powered by gasoline, diesel, natural gas or other vehicle fuels and crude oil and natural gas fueling, drilling, production, transportation or use; the Company’s ability to manage the safety and environmental risks inherent in its operations; the Company’s compliance with all applicable government regulations; the impact of the foregoing on the trading price of the Company’s common stock; and general political, regulatory, economic and market conditions.  The forward-looking statements made in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as otherwise required by law. The Company’s periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (www.sec.gov), including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 that the Company expects to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2022, contain additional information about these and other risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release, and such risk factors may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. What Kind Of Shareholders Hold The Majority In Clean Energy Fuels Corp.'s (NASDAQ:CLNE) Shares? Every investor in Clean Energy Fuels Corp. (NASDAQ:CLNE) should be aware of the most powerful shareholder groups. Institutions will often hold stock in bigger companies, and we expect to see insiders owning a noticeable percentage of the smaller ones. Companies that have been privatized tend to have low insider ownership.  Clean Energy Fuels has a market capitalization of US$1.5b, so we would expect some institutional investors to have noticed the stock. Taking a look at our data on the ownership groups (below), it seems that institutional investors have bought into the company. We can zoom in on the different ownership groups, to learn more about Clean Energy Fuels.  Check out our latest analysis for Clean Energy Fuels  What Does The Institutional Ownership Tell Us About Clean Energy Fuels?  Institutions typically measure themselves against a benchmark when reporting to their own investors, so they often become more enthusiastic about a stock once it's included in a major index. We would expect most companies to have some institutions on the register, especially if they are growing.  As you can see, institutional investors have a fair amount of stake in Clean Energy Fuels. This suggests some credibility amongst professional investors. But we can't rely on that fact alone since institutions make bad investments sometimes, just like everyone does. It is not uncommon to see a big share price drop if two large institutional investors try to sell out of a stock at the same time. So it is worth checking the past earnings trajectory of Clean Energy Fuels, (below). Of course, keep in mind that there are other factors to consider, too.  We note that hedge funds don't have a meaningful investment in Clean Energy Fuels. Looking at our data, we can see that the largest shareholder is TotalEnergies SE with 19% of shares outstanding. For context, the second largest shareholder holds about 6.3% of the shares outstanding, followed by an ownership of 5.5% by the third-largest shareholder. Additionally, the company's CEO Andrew Littlefair directly holds 0.6% of the total shares outstanding.  After doing some more digging, we found that the top 13 have the combined ownership of 50% in the company, suggesting that no single shareholder has significant control over the company.  While studying institutional ownership for a company can add value to your research, it is also a good practice to research analyst recommendations to get a deeper understand of a stock's expected performance. Quite a few analysts cover the stock, so you could look into forecast growth quite easily.  The definition of company insiders can be subjective and does vary between jurisdictions. Our data reflects individual insiders, capturing board members at the very least. The company management answer to the board and the latter should represent the interests of shareholders. Notably, sometimes top-level managers are on the board themselves.  I generally consider insider ownership to be a good thing. However, on some occasions it makes it more difficult for other shareholders to hold the board accountable for decisions.  Shareholders would probably be interested to learn that insiders own shares in Clean Energy Fuels Corp.. This is a big company, so it is good to see this level of alignment. Insiders own US$25m worth of shares (at current prices). If you would like to explore the question of insider alignment, you can click here to see if insiders have been buying or selling.  The general public-- including retail investors -- own 37% stake in the company, and hence can't easily be ignored. This size of ownership, while considerable, may not be enough to change company policy if the decision is not in sync with other large shareholders.  Public companies currently own 19% of Clean Energy Fuels stock. This may be a strategic interest and the two companies may have related business interests. It could be that they have de-merged. This holding is probably worth investigating further.  While it is well worth considering the different groups that own a company, there are other factors that are even more important. Be aware that Clean Energy Fuels is showing 2 warning signs in our investment analysis , you should know about...  But ultimately it is the future, not the past, that will determine how well the owners of this business will do. Therefore we think it advisable to take a look at this free report showing whether analysts are predicting a brighter future.  NB: Figures in this article are calculated using data from the last twelve months, which refer to the 12-month period ending on the last date of the month the financial statement is dated. This may not be consistent with full year annual report figures.  Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.    This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Biggest Hurdles That Could Keep Renewable Natural Gas at Bay Will be right back... Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. Clean Energy's Commercial Vision for Renewable Natural Gas Fuel Stations Will be right back... Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. Clean Energy and Enbridge Partner to Make CNG Available to UPS Canada Fleet Vehicles in Ontario NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., February 09, 2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Clean Energy Fuels Corp. (NASDAQ: CLNE), along with its industry partner Union Energy Solutions Limited Partnership, an unregulated affiliate of Enbridge Gas Inc. – an Enbridge Company, announced it has signed an agreement to fuel United Parcel Service (UPS) Canada delivery fleet vehicles with compressed natural gas (CNG) at its London, Ontario station.  This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220209005128/en/  UPS Canada fleet vehicles will fuel with CNG -- a lower carbon alternative to gasoline -- provided by Clean Energy and Enbridge. (Photo: Business Wire)  UPS Canada has converted 25 package delivery vans to operate on CNG – a lower carbon alternative to gasoline. The Clean Energy-operated CNG fueling station, located near the UPS facility in London, will provide an anticipated 2,000,000 litres (525,000 gasoline gallon equivalent) of CNG in a multi-year agreement. Fueling the trucks with CNG will reduce 700 metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions–the equivalent of planting 11,667 trees, removing 152 cars from the road, and recycling 281 tons of landfill waste.  "We are excited by the growing use of CNG in Ontario that will significantly lower greenhouse gas emissions and result in a positive environmental impact to reduce local air pollutants," said Chad Lindholm, senior vice president, Clean Energy. "UPS has led the way in sustainable transportation for many years and we’re pleased to partner with them to expand their clean natural gas fleet in Canada. We’re pleased that UPS continues the migration of its package cars to CNG in Canada and applaud their sustainability efforts."  "We are pleased to help the medium and heavy transportation industries that are working hard to reduce emissions," said Cynthia Hansen, Executive Vice President & President, Gas Distribution & Storage, Enbridge Inc. "CNG is a cleaner-burning solution for fleet and transit vehicles that can immediately reduce emissions by up to 20 percent as compared to gasoline or diesel while also reducing fuel costs."  "CNG is an important part of UPS’s strategy to increase its use of alternative fuel and reduce our emissions," said Floyd Bristol, Vice President of Automotive, UPS Canada. "As a transportation company, we have a responsibility to put sustainability at the core of our operations and adding these new vehicles to our growing alternative fuel fleet in Canada will have a measurable impact."  "The use of compressed natural gas (CNG) is a cleaner fuel choice that can help reduce greenhouse gas emissions," said Todd Smith, Ontario Minister of Energy. "Congratulations to Enbridge Gas, Clean Energy and UPS Canada on this exciting initiative that is helping to advance Ontario’s transition towards a lower-carbon future."  In further growth of CNG volume in Canada, the City of London has expanded its natural gas solid waste fleet from six to eight refuse vehicles, with plans to order more in the near future. Each waste truck fuels with an expected 19,000 litres (5,000 gallons) of CNG per year.  Clean Energy Fuels Corp. is the country’s largest provider of the cleanest fuel for the transportation market. Our mission is to decarbonize transportation through the development and delivery of renewable natural gas (RNG), a sustainable fuel derived from organic waste. Clean Energy allows thousands of vehicles, from airport shuttles to city buses to waste and heavy-duty trucks, to reduce their amount of climate-harming greenhouse gas. We operate a vast network of fueling stations across the U.S. and Canada. Visit www.cleanenergyfuels.com and follow @CE_renewables on Twitter.  Union Energy Solutions Limited Partnership (UES) is an unregulated affiliate of Enbridge Gas Inc., an Enbridge Company – that focuses on various clean energy business initiatives in the Province of Ontario.  This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including without limitation statements about amounts of CNG expected to be consumed, numbers of CNG vehicles expected to be deployed, plans to increase CNG vehicle fleet sizes, the cost of CNG, the benefits of Clean Energy’s fuels and the value of contracts. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein speak only as of the date of this press release and, unless otherwise required by law, Clean Energy undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Additionally, the reports and other documents Clean Energy files with the SEC (available at www.sec.gov) contain risk factors, which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this news release. Clean Energy to Report Fourth Quarter 2021 Financial Results on February 24; Conference Call to Follow at 1:30 p.m. PST NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., February 04, 2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Clean Energy Fuels Corp. (Nasdaq:CLNE) announced today it will release financial results for the fourth quarter of 2021 on February 24, 2022 after market close, followed by an investor conference call at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time (1:30 p.m. Pacific). President and Chief Executive Officer of Clean Energy Andrew J. Littlefair and Chief Financial Officer Robert M. Vreeland will host the call.  Investors interested in participating in the live call can dial 1.844.826.3033 from the U.S. and international callers can dial 1.412.317.5185. A telephone replay will be available approximately two hours after the call concludes through Thursday, March 24 by dialing 1.844.512.2921 from the U.S., or 1.412.317.6671 from international locations, and entering Replay Pin Number 10163651.  There also will be a simultaneous, live webcast available on the Investor Relations section of the Company's web site at www.cleanenergyfuels.com, which will be available for replay for 30 days.  Clean Energy Fuels Corp. is the country’s largest provider of the cleanest fuel for the transportation market. Our mission is to decarbonize transportation through the development and delivery of renewable natural gas (RNG), a sustainable fuel derived from organic waste. Clean Energy allows thousands of vehicles, from airport shuttles to city buses to waste and heavy-duty trucks, to reduce their amount of climate-harming greenhouse gas. We operate a vast network of fueling stations across the U.S. and Canada. Visit www.cleanenergyfuels.com and follow @ce_renewables on Twitter. Mattel News: MAT Stock Soars After Snatching Doll Deal From Hasbro Will be right back... Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. CLNE Stock: 8 Reasons Why Clean Energy Investors Are Feeling Optimistic Today Will be right back... Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. 